Fix several issues in webext storage docs (#43924)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/storage/storagearea/setaccesslevel/index.md

Sets the access level for the storage area.

Unlike other storage areas, `storage.session` is only available to privileged (trusted) extension contexts. This `setAccessLevel` method is used to expose the session storage area to content scripts too.

> By default, all other storage areas are exposed to all extension contexts, including content scripts. This `setAccessLevel` method can be used to restrict access of these storage areas in content scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this method to:
- Expose the `session` storage area to content scripts. Unlike other storage areas, `storage.session` is only available to privileged (trusted) extension contexts.
- Restrict content scripts' access to `local`, `managed`, and `sync` storage areas. By default, these storage areas are exposed to all extension contexts, including content scripts.
```

Author: Added "by default" to your suggested description for `session`.

```suggestion
Use this method to:
- Expose the `session` storage area to content scripts. Unlike other storage areas, `storage.session` is only available to privileged (trusted) extension contexts by default.
- Restrict content scripts' access to `local`, `managed`, and `sync` storage areas. By default, these storage areas are exposed to all extension contexts, including content scripts.
```

)
```

> Where `<storageType>` is any of the storage types — {{WebExtAPIRef("storage.local")}}, {{WebExtAPIRef("storage.managed")}}, {{WebExtAPIRef("storage.session")}}, or {{WebExtAPIRef("storage.sync")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `<storageType>` is any of the storage types: {{WebExtAPIRef("storage.local")}}, {{WebExtAPIRef("storage.managed")}}, {{WebExtAPIRef("storage.session")}}, or {{WebExtAPIRef("storage.sync")}}.
```

Author: I used the em dash for consistency across all method descriptions, e.g. https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/storage/StorageArea/get

If you think that we should use colons, let's do it consistently everywhere, not just here.

Reviewer: Colon is the correct punctuation:punctuation:

- "Use a colon (:) to introduce lists, explanations, examples, or quotations after a complete sentence (independent clause)."
- "Em dashes (—) function … to add emphasis, indicate sudden breaks in thought, or set off descriptive phrases"

I'll create a separate PR to fix.

Reviewer: See  [Colon to introduce lists in storage API documentation](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/43965#top)#43965
